Our next target is probably going to be the most challenging one because we're going to be working on
the product and what's really cool about the products that we're going to look at the nested floating
thing where we're going to have to column layout to begin with some of the products and the pictures
all of them are gonna be one column and this is going to be all second column.
However within the second column we're also gonna do another three column layout.
So I think this is gonna be really cool.
We're also gonna reuse quite a few things you'll see that we're going to be reusing the section center
or reusing the title as well as the button.
So you'll see more and more.
The neat thing of creating some kind of class that you can reuse it throughout our project.
As always our journey is gonna have to begin with indexation email because we cannot really style anything
unless there's some kind of content.
The spiel is going to be products then end of product and that's gonna be our setup and not end for
but end of product.
HERE WE'RE GONNA START WITH A SECTION NOW THE SECTION IS GONNA HAVE THE CLASS OF SURPRISED YOU GUESSED
IT product and then we're gonna be looking right away for the day.
We're the class of Section center as well as because we will gonna be floating it twice.
So we all gonna be floating two of these columns and then three of the smaller ones we will gonna add
not only section of center there's gonna add nice padding and the width but also we're gonna use the
clear fix.
Remember our little hack that we had before and the moment we were going to save it I was gonna be getting
a bigger screen now I cannot see anything obviously we haven't played that here but I already see that
I'm getting the the width here with a paddock right now what is gonna be within this div well here we're
gonna have two again columns to begin with.
So we're going to have product info column in form and then we're going to have product inventory now
for this let me add first of all an article.
Now this article is gonna have products info class that's gonna be for styling and here I can copy and
paste them both and let's set up maybe here the product inventory so we're gonna have to I'm not selectors
to cursors and we're gonna write inventory that's gonna be our second column.
Like I said from the start we're gonna have to come.
And then within this inventory there's going to be another 3Com layer and that's the reason why we're
having the nested layout here.
Let's start very simply by having a title.
Now we already created the title in a previous section.
Remember this was the about and this was the skills now within the about we had a section title.
So why don't we borrow this.
Why don't we say that we're going to scroll down.
We're going to look for products in four.
And the first thing we're going to copy and paste is the title.
Now here again obviously we would like to change the values.
So going to say check out that's gonna be the subtitle and for the title we're gonna use our products.
Hopefully you can see how nifty this is.
We don't have to again recreate it.
And I know that I'm gonna say this probably 50 more times.
But the point that I'm kind of trying to hammer home is the fact that you want to like try to at least
set up something globally where you can reuse this.
Now that doesn't mean that you're gonna be able to do it with each and every section because obviously
there's gonna be unique things about the section.
Otherwise you're just gonna be copying pasting and dissection.
But let's say having some kind of titles some kind of layout things it does make sense to create them
once and then reuse them instead of each and every time that you come back and back and back and so
on and so forth.
What else we're going gonna have while there is a title.
So we have in the title and I think we're gonna have a nice paragraph with a class of product taxed
here within the paragraph.
That's right.
I don't know 20 words so lower I'm 20 and you know what.
We also can place a button now the button is gonna be right now or you know what.
Well class is gonna be main button but it's gonna be actually a link and this link is gonna be pointing
to again the page that we don't have.
So productivity email.
However we do need to have this class of main medium so our main button and then let's write here.
Inventory is gonna be written.
Button and I think this is looks really awesome.
So I have the title.
We didn't have to struggle with any kind of success.
Everything is already premade and we can move on and we can start working on our next column which is
gonna be product inventory.
Here's the kicker though as you're looking at it what do you see.
Well you see two column layout and then another three column layout since we are again using the floats
for this.
We need to use the clear fix again.
So I'm gonna n I'm gonna copy and paste the class.
So just so I don't get some surprise results or anything like that.
And then within this inventory there's gonna be three products for each of the products I'm gonna use
single product as a comment as well as copy pasted.
I'm gonna write and off single product and within a single product we're gonna have a few things.
Well first of all this is gonna be Dave.
You can create this as an article.
Is also an option.
Ah you know what.
Yeah.
Let's just go with article.
Just so you don't think that I'm actually lying to you but in general again we could have used the Dave
but we can use the article and we can say here we're gonna be looking for first of all image.
So first there's gonna be an image.
Now the image is gonna be massive.
I can tell you right away that this is again gonna mess up pretty much all of review.
But you know we do need to place them so first let's start looking for images then we're gonna be looking
for product one and then you know what for alternatives I will gonna cheat a little bit.
I'm just gonna say product because I don't want to look at the image and then go to the text in general
obviously you need to write something that reflects this image but I'm just gonna cheat a little bit
as well as you know what.
Let's add some class and the class is gonna be product image.
Now it's gonna be for my image and then right of the image we're gonna have two things we're going to
have heading three with the class of product title so class of product title.
And here let's write product title as you can see that again I was being held lazy even with the finished
project.
I didn't see the point of writing this.
You can write whatever you want.
What are you.
Whatever you feel like for the product.
But I'm just gonna skip a little bit.
I'm gonna say product title because that's the whole idea of what we're gonna have there some say product
title and you know what I will gonna copy paste this and I'm going to say for the second one this is
not going to be product title.
This will be product price product price and let's set up some kind of default price of six ninety nine.
That's gonna be our first product.
Like I said the image is gonna be massive and a little bit annoying right now.
So you just need to bear with me where we will gonna copy and paste this single product.
So we're gonna start from the first comment to the second one.
1 2 and then we just need to change the images again we're not gonna be changing or at least I'm not
gonna be changing any kind of text here and I would like to say that product number three product number
2 and product number 1 We already have.
This is how our product section should look like not right now as we're done with HCM normal and we're
ready to go and start styling it in the as.